# $Id: onto-perl.pod 291 2006-06-01 16:21:45Z erant $
#
# see also - http://www.cellcycleontology.org
#
# This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
# it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.7 or,
# at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=head1 NAME

onto-perl           - perl modules for CCO and OBO ontologies

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Cell-Cycle Ontology
=======================

The CCO is an effort for formalizing the controled vocabulary 
in the Cell Cycle domain (http://www.cellcycleontology.org). 
CCO is based on existing ontologies such as GO 
(http://www.geneontology.org), DC (dublincore.org/),
and RO (http://obo.sourceforge.net/relationship/) and databases
like UniProt, IntAct.

Files in http://www.cellcycleontology.org
=========================================

cco.obo						The CCO in OBO format.

cco.owl						The CCO in OWL format.

cco.xml						The CCO in XML format.

cco.dot						The CCO in DOT format.

cco.ids						IDs from CCO.

cco_H_sapiens.obo			CCO ontology for H sapiens

cco_A_thaliana.obo			CCO ontology for A thaliana

cco_S_cerevisiae.obo		CCO ontology for S cerevisiae

cco_S_pombe.obo				CCO ontology for S pombe

go_cco.ids					Equivalent IDs in GO and CCO.

cco_x.x.tar.gz				Archives from CCO.

onto-perl-x.y.tar.gz		CCO API version x.y

onto-perl-latest.tar.gz		CCO API: latest version

Changes						Description about the changes in CCO.

Remark
======

The CCO is provided "as-is". The current version of CCO is 
experimental. Major changes are expected until version 1.0. 
Please visit contantly this repository for checking up-to-date 
versions of the ontology.

Any comments, suggestions can be addressed to: 

	Erick Antezana <erant@psb.ugent.be>
	Computational Biology Division
	http://www.psb.ugent.be/cbd/

=head1 AUTHOR

Erick Antezana, E<lt>erant@psb.ugent.beE<gt>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2006 by erant

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.7 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut

package onto-perl;
$VERSION='0.27';
1;
